Chart: Update Hover Mode demo description (#30692)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Charts/HoverMode/description.md

> DevExtreme Chart supports configurable series and point hover modes. This demo configures **hoverMode** for all series, series points, and the component legend.

Reviewer: In the first sentence, you want to say "configurable modes", but there's lots of words in between. So I want to move "modes" closer to the word "configurable". Otherwise, it seems at first that we're talking about "configurable series".

In the second, I'm not sure if all relates only to "series" or to everything listed (all series, all series points, etc). So I want to break it down into two sentences. If I messed it up, let me know. 

```suggestion
DevExtreme Chart supports configurable hover modes for series and points. This demo configures a common **hoverMode** for all series. It also specifies custom modes for points in a specific series and for the component legend.
```

Author: I didn't think about these two points, thank you for noticing. Yeah I did mean all series and all series points, I think we can combine those two together in one sentence and then separate the legend into its own:
```suggestion
DevExtreme Chart supports configurable hover modes for series and points. This demo configures common **hoverMode** properties for all series and points. It also specifies a custom mode for the component legend.
```

Reviewer: This part still sounds a bit weird to me: "common `hoverMode` properties for all series and points". It seems like you need to specify a property for every point. I assume that you set fewer properties than that, it just that the hover mode is common for all points. 

Maybe this version would work? 

```suggestion
DevExtreme Chart supports configurable hover modes for series and points. This demo specifies properties that set common **hoverMode** for all series/points and a custom mode for the component legend.
```

Author: Yeah, that works, thank you

<!--split-->

You can specify **hoverMode** for the following Chart elements:

- [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/#hoverMode)    
A specific series.
- [commonSeriesSettings](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/commonSeriesSettings/#hoverMode)    
All series.
- **commonSeriesSettings**.[spline](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/commonSeriesSettings/#spline) (or other [Series Type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Series_Types/) objects)    
All series of a specific type.
- [legend](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/legend/#hoverMode)    
Series hovered in the Chart legend.
- **series**.[point](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/point/#hoverMode)    

> Specific series points.

Reviewer: In this one, I'm not sure if it's "specific series" or "specific points". I think it's "points in a specific series". But let me know if I'm wrong. 

```suggestion
Points in a specific series.
```

Author: Yeah, "points in a specific series" is more straightforward.

- **commonSeriesSettings**.[point](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/commonSeriesSettings/point/#hoverMode) (or other Series Type objects)    

> All series points.

Reviewer: Again, let me know if I'm wrong. 

```suggestion
All points.
```

- **commonSeriesSettings**.**spline**.**point**    
All points in series of a specific type.
- [argumentAxis](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/#hoverMode)    
All points at common argument values.

> To further customize Chart hovering behavior, define the [stickyHovering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#stickyHovering) property. When enabled (default), points remain in the hover state until users hover over other points or move the mouse cursor outside the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To further customize Chart behavior, define the [stickyHovering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#stickyHovering) property. When enabled (default), points remain in the hover state until users hover the mouse pointer over other points or move it outside the component.
```
